OCaml Labs kicked-off with an internal meeting of the Cambridge-based members.
There are over 20 people involved just within the building and over 30
including those outside the University. We welcomed a few new members,
including Leo White (Postdoc), Raphael Proust (PhD student) and Stephen Dolan
(PhD student).  At this initial gathering Anil talked over some of the projects
that were already taking place in the Lab, as well as the new work that would
be supported by OCaml Labs.

Significant progress was made on the research side too.
[Mirage](../projects/mirage.html) has had a flurry of new releases as we
prepare for a first public release, and we're in the final stages of being
officially incubated as a [xen.org project](../projects/mirage.html#output-xen-incubate-meeting).
[Signpost](../projects/signpost.html) is also
taking shape, mainly due to the addition of DNSSEC to the
[ocaml-dns](../projects/signpost#output-code-mirage-ocaml-dns) implementation.
There's been industrial interest in the applications of Signpost and the team
is pursuing these for more use cases.

We also began work on a new website for the [Real World
OCaml](../projects/rwo.html).  We took inspiration from our friends who wrote
Real World Haskell, and the site will have commenting functionality so that
people can suggest improvements before the book is finalised.  As part of this,
we also worked with a design firm to begin creating a [new logo for the OCaml
language](../projects/infrastructure.html).  The logo will be placed into the
public domain for use by anyone.

Last, but certainly not least, Ashish put the new [ocaml.org](http://ocaml.org)
website live, to much electronic [applause](https://twitter.com/jakedonham/status/281170330700095488).
A great way to end 2012!
