The second monthly meeting was held last Friday and we are now settling down in to a regular set of agenda items with additional items as necessary.  We're still thinking of how to best incorporate remote attendance so please do bear with us.  

Two new people joined the team, [Jeremy Yallop](../people/jyallop.html) and [Philippe Wang](../people/pwang.html).  Jeremy has been doing some great work related to the OCamlot continuous integration system, while Philippe has been taking on the challenge of running OCaml well on the Raspberry Pi, with it's restricted memory.  We'll have more to say about their progress in next month's update.  Xavier Clerc also joined us for a day in advance of his visit in April and he, Leo and Amir discussed his work on Argot and the upcoming redesign of OCaml.org.

TODO: New research grant funding was also awarded for the set of projects related to 'Networking as a Service'.  This 3 year grant covers ....


### Platform projects

OPAM, the popular OCaml Package Manager, recently had its 1.0 release!  OPAM has been in development for just over a year and this is a significant milestone for the project and the team behind it.  The OPAM package repository has had over 500 issues dealt with, closed over 400 pull requests and now contains over 370 packages (and more than twice that number if you consider that multiple versions are available).  This kind of user-adoption is a fantastic sign for the wider OCaml community.  We're very happy to be using OPAM as a key piece of the upcoming OCaml Platform and the continuous integration and test system. 

As part of the redesign work, and to showcase the kind of additional functionality we'd like to create, Amir put together a set of screencasts that talk though a wireframe demo of the new site.  These short videos covered elements of design, the new documentation system and an overview of how the continuous integration system would work.  You can read more and experience the clickable demo via [Amir's blog post](http://amirchaudhry.com/wireframe-demos-for-ocamlorg)

TODO

A new list was set up for those who are interested in OpenGL and WebGL on OCaml and discussion so far has covered LabGL on the Raspberry Pi.  If this is an area that interests you, them please do join the discussion on the [mailing list](http://lists.ocaml.org).  There are also still plans to begin working groups for build systems and parallelism but will be announced in due course.  

The Real World OCaml book is now on [alpha3](http://www.realworldocaml.org), where Part 1 is nearly complete.  New sections on installation and a more expanded prologue have also been included in this version.


### Systems research

Anil gave two talks about Mirage this month at Citrix Systems and Microsoft Research.  The talks were well received and people were excited about the approach taken and the possibilities that Mirage enables.  Mirage itself is nearing a release and members of the team are heading out to present the work at ASPLOS. 

TODO Mirari is taking shape and Vincent has done a bunch of work related to 'run' (but ami doesn't know what)

[Heidi](../people/hhoward.html) gave an excellent talk about Signpost and the benefits it can offer internet users today.  This was one of a set of talks that took place in the Computer Lab, organised by [Alan Mycroft](../people/amycroft.html), on open software and open hardware with speakers such as [Jon 'maddog' Hall](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon_Hall_(programmer)) of Linux International.

### Compiler projects

Since last month, there has been more discussion about camlp4 and [Leo posted another summary](http://www.lpw25.net/2013/02/05/camlp4-alternative-part-2.html) on his thoughts for quotations.  In the next few weeks, Leo will also summarise the discussion to date.

Leo's also been extremely busy in the platform mailing list, which has been the location for the discussion of namespaces.  A few hundred emails have been exchanged on this topic and Leo has summarised the discussion and made proposals in his blog post about [OCaml namespaces](http://www.lpw25.net/2013/03/10/ocaml-namespaces.html).  ALthough this is a complex issue, aspects of namespaces will be important to the work on the OCaml Platform so we look forward to the outcome of these discussions.


